if you look at money like the sun for
just a moment and you let it in your
like whole body if you like like imagine
it's like sitting in the sun and you're
like on the beach and the sun is coming
I want you to look at money that way and
tell me what's the sensation in your
body when you just feel the presence of
money everywhere get
expense yeah and this coaching session
we're going to look at one of the main
things that's behind our relationship
with money this is recorded during one
of our live Q&A calls calls where people
from the public can raise their hand and
have a coaching session with me it's
something that if you attune to I'm sure
you're going to get a ton out of my
question is how can I create wealth and
financial stability for my
life uh okay my
question tell me all the bad things
about
money uh it's dirty it it's guilty to
have a lot of money it's
um it's not worthy of me to having money
it's
uh yeah that I think that's those are
day the
biggest okay so what what makes you want
something that's dirty that you don't
deserve that is
bad I know it will give some stability
to my
life ability of of bad dirty like so
you're basically hey I'm going to throw
all this shitty mud on you but don't
worry it's going to make it harder for
you to move so you'll be more
stable you're asking me why it's not
happening and do you see my answer to
the
question yes
yeah so go ahead and prove to me that
money is dirty
it it passed to all the the the people's
hands and people hands are usually dirty
and need to was
it I have
money let me see your
hands you have
money they're not dirty
how much money do you have to have to be
dirty
exactly
milon yeah a million
yeah so there's dirty people on this
call plenty of them I'm
sure can you look and see any of them
that are dirty
no okay
so I'm going to go just see if we can go
one step dir dirt one dep deeper I want
you to close your eyes for a minute I
want you to
feel
um I want you to feel the relationship
you have with
money how you want
it but how you don't want
it how you crave it but how you think
it's actually
bad how you feel like you judge it
there's something wrong with it and at
the same time you want its
affection and now without thinking at
all I want you to take that experience
in your body and tell me the first time
you felt that relationship not with
money with whatever it was
what's the first time you felt that
relationship with my mom
yeah money isn't your
mom you can open your eyes money isn't
your
mom money is the Sun
it's [__]
endless anywhere you
look look at all those pictures all
those fa everything you see money had
something to do
with every clock every
camera every piece of clothing the
makeup on the
faces just one piece of
makeup yeah there's like 20 companies
made money from
that there's millions of people who
spent money on
that some people make horrible use of it
some people make amazing use of
[Music]
it some people spend all of their money
to get work like this out into the world
and some people spend all of their money
to cut down
trees to hurt
people to expand their empire
whatever Shines on
everyone if you look at money like the
sun for just a moment and you let it in
your like whole body if you like like
imagine it's like sitting in the sun and
you're like on the beach and the sun is
coming I want you to look at money that
way and tell me what's the sensation in
your body when you just feel the
presence of money everywhere it
expands
yeah do you want this in your
life
yes yeah and if you had it you had a
[__] ton of it what would you
do I will make a lot of Art and make
more jobs for my family and my friends
and do are great impact in the world I
don't know how but I sure I will I will
travel a lot yeah yeah
yeah pleasure thank you